## Question

* How does lazy clause generation make impact on strength?
* Are learnt clauses a cut? or a set of cuts?

* How to count *Reduced Search* and *Activity* in *prof_learning*?
  * How to avoid counted by multiple times?

    For example:  $c_1: (x>=10, y>=10)$ and $c_2: (x>=10, z>=10)$ are conflict clauses,

    subtree of $c_1$ and $c_2$ will be counted, while some nodes in subtree of $x>=10$  will be counted twice

  * Or reduced search = $banchmark$ - $experiment$ ? (then, what is $banchmark$ ?)

  * Is it possible miss a (not best ) solution node?

* There are a sorts of node at same decision level, which one should be search first:
  * The node with more possible failure
  * The node with more possible solution
  * The node with less possible failure
  * The node with less possible solution

* Can learnt clauses provide enough information for data minging?
* What is *frequent pattern mining* ?


## Itemset Mining

###[Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules](http://rakesh.agrawal-family.com/papers/vldb94apriori.pdf)

* *condition 1*: Subset of a *large* itemset must be *large*.

    ~~seems like:~~
    * ~~indivisible~~
    * ~~any item can represent the entire set~~
    * Can a item $a$ be contained in multiple *large itemset* ?

* Apriori
    1. Get k-candidates $C_k$ by join two $L_{k-1}$
    2. Delete $c$ not in $L_{k-1}$ (to satisify *condition 1*)

* Doubt

    * How does this algorithm find rules like *{butter, bread} => milk*
    * It seems like that *condition 1* makes the problem weaker, so that the algorithm become faster. (It changed problem)
    * Test data are generated by algorithm
    * Compare performance based on time, not quality (accuracy)

        The paper already discussed the correctness of algorithm, but they didn't discussed the correctness of the model.
    * What's the formal definition of *itemset mining* and *association rules mining* ?
    * Seems like the model changed time to time.

        * [itemset mining slide](http://www.borgelt.net/slides/fpm4.pdf)



### [On SAT Models Enumeration in Itemset Mining](https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.0256)

* What is `Model enumeration` ?

* `Propositional variable` representing tiems and the transaction identifiers in $D$

* $cover$ of itemset:

  $cover(c) = \{t \in D | c \subset t\}$

  correct?  

* Oneway encoding: itemset -> SAT



### [Itemset mining: A constraint programming perspective](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370211000646)

* discriminative data mining? (is it a sort of hard data mining problems?)
* a restatement of data mining problem